You farted, I just pressed the wrong button.
I will open it now.
This type of safe press and hold 3 times.
The password will be completely locked.
If causing damage
Are you sure you can pay?
Okay, you drive.
But I have to tell you.
If the contents inside are damaged
Then you must also compensate me according to the price.
The mysterious owner of number 999 is a repairman.
I do not believe.
Mr. Thanh.
The rest of your life
Please advise further.
You, you, you believe me.
This is actually the wedding room I prepared for you.
It's probably him.
He must have snuck in.
He secretly arranged for him.
He just wants to destroy the relationship between us.
I can keep pestering me.
Don't let him bother you.
Only the little white-faced type like you start by eating soft rice.
Is there any point that can be compared to my wanderer?